Take your time.
Miss Lu, you are here
Yeah, Lowe. Okay
Sister Wei, the environment of this restaurant is really good
Of course, yeah.
Try it!
Excuse me.
How was it?
Well, Sister Yaoyue is a regular customer here, right?
My best friend owns this restaurant
Girlfriend pair
His name is Su Zicheng
If you don't say I forgot about him, but I insist on seeing you
See what you look like
Strange to say
I've been down for so long, why hasn't he shown up yet?
Hahahaha what a coincidence haha
Uncle's Sun Zhifei
What are you doing here?
Get out! You kicked me out as soon as I got here!
You are not afraid of my big mouth
Tell everyone
President of Blue Cloud Group
Just dating a little security guard
Who am I doing with?
It needs to be explained to others.
You don't need to explain to me
But what about home?
Read hey
This poor man sees me here, don't you hurry up and get out
It seems that Sun Zhibei Sun Shao
Did you forget how much that slap hurt yesterday?
Be arrogant
Let's see if you can still be arrogant when Second Young Master Xu comes
Last time, that knife scar even lifted Xu Ershao's shoes
Xu Ershao